chapters/[Chapter 3] tools.md, before:

# Useful Kubernetes Tools
This chapter lists some useful Kubernetes tools we've used in production. You can follow the official [awesome-kubernetes](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes) for a comprehensive list, but here is a short list of tools we’ve vetted and found useful.

## Books & Resources
- [The Kubernetes Book](https://www.amazon.com/Kubernetes-Book-Version-January-2018-ebook/dp/B072TS9ZQZ) - Great introduction to Kubernetes concepts
- [Kubernetes The Hard Way](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/kubernetes-the-hard-way) - Kelsey Hightower's tutorial

## Security
- [Kubernetes Security Best Practice](https://github.com/freach/kubernetes-security-best-practice) - Collection of best practices for K8 security
- [kubeaudit](https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit) - Audit tool to scan for commone security flaws
- [kube-bench](https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-bench) - Another audit/scanning tool

## Package Manager 
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/) - K8 package manager
- [Chart Museum](https://chartmuseum.com) - helm chart repository

## Monitoring
- [Prometheus-Kubernetes](https://github.com/camilb/prometheus-kubernetes) - Great sample Prometheus configs

## Testing
- [Kube Monkey](https://github.com/asobti/kube-monkey) Implementation of Netflix's Chaos Monkey for K8 clusters
- [K8s-testsuite](https://github.com/mrahbar/k8s-testsuite) - Load and network test for K8s

## CI/CD
- [Keel](https://keel.sh/) Light-weight CD that works well with Helm
- [Spinnaker](https://www.spinnaker.io/) Multi-cloud, battle-tested CD system

## Dev Tools
- [kube-ps1](https://github.com/jonmosco/kube-ps1) - K8 prompts for bash and zsh
- [kubectx](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubectx) - kubectl wrapper 
- [kube-score](https://github.com/zegl/kube-score) - K8 object analyzer for security
- [popeye](https://github.com/derailed/popeye) - K8 resource sanitizer

## Others
- [Kubernetes Network Policy Recipes](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubernetes-network-policy-recipes) - Great collection of sample network policy recipes
- [cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager) - TLS cert manager for K8s

Commit message:

Adding kube-no-trouble to tools

chapters/[Chapter 3] tools.md, after:

# Useful Kubernetes Tools
This chapter lists some useful Kubernetes tools we've used in production. You can follow the official [awesome-kubernetes](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes) for a comprehensive list, but here is a short list of tools we’ve vetted and found useful.

## Books & Resources
- [The Kubernetes Book](https://www.amazon.com/Kubernetes-Book-Version-January-2018-ebook/dp/B072TS9ZQZ) - Great introduction to Kubernetes concepts
- [Kubernetes The Hard Way](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/kubernetes-the-hard-way) - Kelsey Hightower's tutorial

## Security
- [Kubernetes Security Best Practice](https://github.com/freach/kubernetes-security-best-practice) - Collection of best practices for K8 security
- [kubeaudit](https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit) - Audit tool to scan for commone security flaws
- [kube-bench](https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-bench) - Another audit/scanning tool

## Package Manager 
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/) - K8 package manager
- [Chart Museum](https://chartmuseum.com) - helm chart repository

## Monitoring
- [Prometheus-Kubernetes](https://github.com/camilb/prometheus-kubernetes) - Great sample Prometheus configs

## Testing
- [Kube Monkey](https://github.com/asobti/kube-monkey) Implementation of Netflix's Chaos Monkey for K8 clusters
- [K8s-testsuite](https://github.com/mrahbar/k8s-testsuite) - Load and network test for K8s

## CI/CD
- [Keel](https://keel.sh/) Light-weight CD that works well with Helm
- [Spinnaker](https://www.spinnaker.io/) Multi-cloud, battle-tested CD system

## Dev Tools
- [kube-ps1](https://github.com/jonmosco/kube-ps1) - K8 prompts for bash and zsh
- [kubectx](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubectx) - kubectl wrapper 
- [kube-score](https://github.com/zegl/kube-score) - K8 object analyzer for security
- [popeye](https://github.com/derailed/popeye) - K8 resource sanitizer
- [kube-no-trouble](https://github.com/doitintl/kube-no-trouble) - Check for deprecated K8 APIs in your cluster

## Others
- [Kubernetes Network Policy Recipes](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubernetes-network-policy-recipes) - Great collection of sample network policy recipes
- [cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager) - TLS cert manager for K8s
