chapters/[Chapter 7] continuous-deployment.md, before:

# Continuous Deployment (CD) on Kubernetes

At scale, manual deployments start to become a bottleneck and a source of constant human error. As easy as it is to update or rollback changes, it is equally as easy to mix up contexts or namespaces and deploy applications to the wrong location. Unfortunately, Leverege found that there is no single, perfect continous deployment (CD) system that solves the needs of every use case. Unlike continuous integration (CI), wherein industry leaders have emerged (*e.g.* Jenkins, TravisCI, CircleCI, GitlabCI), tool usage in the CD world currently seems to be heavily driven by a specific use case. 

According to New Stack's Kubernetes User Experience Survey, first and foremost, popular deployment tools are tied to existing CI systems (Gitlab, Circle, Travis). More illuminating fact is that 14 percent of respondents had custom tools while 12 percent used other vendors with single mention, reflecting the reality that there is no clear leader. 

<https://thenewstack.io/jenkins-kubernetes-cd-pipelines/> 

In this chapter, we will review some popular tools and explain our reasoning for choosing Keel and Spinnaker for each of the use cases. 

## CD Tools
Before evaluating a new, cloud-native CD system, a simple plugin or additional lightweight system may suffice to enable CD for Kubernetes workloads, depending on your existing architecture. To help narrow the search, we will compare various options as either CI addons, cloud-native open source tools, or managed instances. 

### CI Addons/Plugins
Most popular CI tools now support kubectl (and increasingly Helm) via plugins:
- Jenkins: [Official Plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-plugin)
- Drone: [Kubernetes Deployments](http://plugins.drone.io/mactynow/drone-kubernetes/)
- Gitlab: [Kubernetes Integration](https://about.gitlab.com/solutions/kubernetes/)
- TravisCI / CircleCI
- Google Cloud Build / Azure Pipeline

### Open Source, Cloud Native Tools
- [Argo](https://argoproj.github.io/): CD pipelines are defined as Kubernetes objects using Custom Resource Definitions
- [Jenkins X](https://jenkins-x.io/): opinionated, GitOps-heavy approach to Kubernetes CD
- [Concourse](https://concourse-ci.org/): simple, CD tool written in Go that can be deployed as a Helm chart
- [GoCD](https://www.gocd.org/kubernetes.html): great visualization for complex workflows
- [Spinnaker](https://www.spinnaker.io/): powerful CD tool for enterprise, backed by Netflix with complex deployment schemes

### Managed Instances
- [Codefresh](https://codefresh.io/) 
- [Harness](https://harness.io/) 
- [WeaveWorks](https://www.weave.works/product/enterprise-kubernetes-platform/): open source Weave Flux also available

### Lightweight CD Components
- [gitkube](https://gitkube.sh/): GitOps-focused automation tool
- [Skaffold](https://skaffold.dev/): Kubernetes development tool that powers Jenkins X, more useful for local development but can also be used for CD
- [Keel](https://keel.sh/): focused on container delivery

### Additional Resources
- [State of Cloud Native CI/CD Tools for Kubernetes](https://engineering.opsgenie.com/cloud-native-continuous-integration-and-delivery-tools-for-kubernetes-e6ea34d308c)
- [Top 11 Continuous Delivery Tools for Kubernetes](https://www.weave.works/blog/continuous-delivery-tools-for-kubernetes-part-1)

## Leverege Recommendation
Initially, we chose Spinnaker as our CD tool of choice given its support from Netflix and large contributor base (especially from Google). However, we quickly found out that Spinnaker was very bloated for the use case we wanted to support. We simply wanted developers to write code quickly and deploy it to a development/QA cluster for testing. We did not need rolling canary, red-black deployment, or A/B testing. 

If the default settings are all you need, installation is actually very easy via a Helm chart install. However, as soon as new configuration steps are needed for other hooks to GCR or multiple Docker repositories, for example, we found it easier to follow the manual installation steps using Halyard. 

### Keel
After searching for a lightweight tool, we came across this [Medium post](https://medium.com/donna-legal/ci-cd-with-less-fluff-more-awesome-28af61288a03) by Rik Nauta at Donna. The requirements were very similar:

- Quick, lightweight setup
- No open endpoint
- Integration with Helm
- Integration with GCR

The following directions are modified from Rik's original post based on new updates to Keel. 

#### Installation

To install Keel, deploy Keel's [official Helm chart](https://github.com/keel-hq/keel/tree/master/chart/keel). 

```helm upgrade --install keel --namespace keel keel/keel```

In order to enable PubSub triggers off GCR, add the following to `values.yaml`:

```
# Google Container Registry
# GCP Project ID
gcr:
  enabled: true
  projectId: <google-project-id>
  pubSub:
    enabled: true

# base64 encoded json of GCP service account
# more info available here: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/tutorials/authenticating-to-cloud-platform
# e.g. --set googleApplicationCredentials=$(cat <JSON_KEY_FIEL> | base64)
googleApplicationCredentials: <cloud-storage-editor service-account in base64> 
```

If you want to disable Keel from self-updates, you may want to turn it off from polling every three minutes. 

#### Helm Deployment
Now, to instruct Keel to respond to new PubSub triggers, add the following to each Helm deployment's `values.yaml` file:

```
image:
  repository: gcr.io/<your-docker-image>
  tag: "1.0.0"

keel:
  # keel policy (all/major/minor/patch/force)
  policy: all
  # images to track and update
  images:
    - repository: image.repository
      tag: image.tag 
```

When a new image becomes availble, Keel will now upgrade release values. 

#### Misc Tips
Keel also provides approval methods via Slack. If default values are retained, approvals work seamlessly (*i.e.* Slack bot named Keel). However, when bot names are changed, you need to mention explicitly the Slack's bot name (@your-bot-name approve default/docker-image:1.0.1) or the bot will not trigger. Also, if the bot lives in private Slack channels, it currently seems to be bit buggy.

Commit message:

Update [Chapter 7] CD
Adding Spinnaker for GCP

chapters/[Chapter 7] continuous-deployment.md, after:

# Continuous Deployment (CD) on Kubernetes

At scale, manual deployments start to become a bottleneck and a source of constant human error. As easy as it is to update or rollback changes, it is equally as easy to mix up contexts or namespaces and deploy applications to the wrong location. Unfortunately, Leverege found that there is no single, perfect continous deployment (CD) system that solves the needs of every use case. Unlike continuous integration (CI), wherein industry leaders have emerged (*e.g.* Jenkins, TravisCI, CircleCI, GitlabCI), tool usage in the CD world currently seems to be heavily driven by a specific use case. 

According to New Stack's Kubernetes User Experience Survey, first and foremost, popular deployment tools are tied to existing CI systems (Gitlab, Circle, Travis). More illuminating fact is that 14 percent of respondents had custom tools while 12 percent used other vendors with single mention, reflecting the reality that there is no clear leader. 

<https://thenewstack.io/jenkins-kubernetes-cd-pipelines/> 

In this chapter, we will review some popular tools and explain our reasoning for choosing Keel and Spinnaker for each of the use cases. 

## CD Tools
Before evaluating a new, cloud-native CD system, a simple plugin or additional lightweight system may suffice to enable CD for Kubernetes workloads, depending on your existing architecture. To help narrow the search, we will compare various options as either CI addons, cloud-native open source tools, or managed instances. 

### CI Addons/Plugins
Most popular CI tools now support kubectl (and increasingly Helm) via plugins:
- Jenkins: [Official Plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-plugin)
- Drone: [Kubernetes Deployments](http://plugins.drone.io/mactynow/drone-kubernetes/)
- Gitlab: [Kubernetes Integration](https://about.gitlab.com/solutions/kubernetes/)
- TravisCI / CircleCI
- Google Cloud Build / Azure Pipeline

### Open Source, Cloud Native Tools
- [Argo](https://argoproj.github.io/): CD pipelines are defined as Kubernetes objects using Custom Resource Definitions
- [Jenkins X](https://jenkins-x.io/): opinionated, GitOps-heavy approach to Kubernetes CD
- [Concourse](https://concourse-ci.org/): simple, CD tool written in Go that can be deployed as a Helm chart
- [GoCD](https://www.gocd.org/kubernetes.html): great visualization for complex workflows
- [Spinnaker](https://www.spinnaker.io/): powerful CD tool for enterprise, backed by Netflix with complex deployment schemes

### Managed Instances
- [Codefresh](https://codefresh.io/) 
- [Harness](https://harness.io/) 
- [WeaveWorks](https://www.weave.works/product/enterprise-kubernetes-platform/): open source Weave Flux also available

### Lightweight CD Components
- [gitkube](https://gitkube.sh/): GitOps-focused automation tool
- [Skaffold](https://skaffold.dev/): Kubernetes development tool that powers Jenkins X, more useful for local development but can also be used for CD
- [Keel](https://keel.sh/): focused on container delivery

### Additional Resources
- [State of Cloud Native CI/CD Tools for Kubernetes](https://engineering.opsgenie.com/cloud-native-continuous-integration-and-delivery-tools-for-kubernetes-e6ea34d308c)
- [Top 11 Continuous Delivery Tools for Kubernetes](https://www.weave.works/blog/continuous-delivery-tools-for-kubernetes-part-1)

## Leverege Recommendation
Initially, we chose Spinnaker as our CD tool of choice given its support from Netflix and large contributor base (especially from Google). However, we quickly found out that Spinnaker was very bloated for the use case we wanted to support. We simply wanted developers to write code quickly and deploy it to a development/QA cluster for testing. We did not need rolling canary, red-black deployment, or A/B testing. 

If the default settings are all you need, installation is actually very easy via a Helm chart install. However, as soon as new configuration steps are needed for other hooks to GCR or multiple Docker repositories, for example, we found it easier to follow the manual installation steps using Halyard. Google also recently published a Google-managed version of Spinnaker setup using GKE and Memorystore at [Spinnaker for GCP](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/spinnaker-for-gcp). 

### Keel
After searching for a lightweight tool, we came across this [Medium post](https://medium.com/donna-legal/ci-cd-with-less-fluff-more-awesome-28af61288a03) by Rik Nauta at Donna. The requirements were very similar:

- Quick, lightweight setup
- No open endpoint
- Integration with Helm
- Integration with GCR

The following directions are modified from Rik's original post based on new updates to Keel. 

#### Installation

To install Keel, deploy Keel's [official Helm chart](https://github.com/keel-hq/keel/tree/master/chart/keel). 

```helm upgrade --install keel --namespace keel keel/keel```

In order to enable PubSub triggers off GCR, add the following to `values.yaml`:

```
# Google Container Registry
# GCP Project ID
gcr:
  enabled: true
  projectId: <google-project-id>
  pubSub:
    enabled: true

# base64 encoded json of GCP service account
# more info available here: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/tutorials/authenticating-to-cloud-platform
# e.g. --set googleApplicationCredentials=$(cat <JSON_KEY_FIEL> | base64)
googleApplicationCredentials: <cloud-storage-editor service-account in base64> 
```

If you want to disable Keel from self-updates, you may want to turn it off from polling every three minutes. 

#### Helm Deployment
Now, to instruct Keel to respond to new PubSub triggers, add the following to each Helm deployment's `values.yaml` file:

```
image:
  repository: gcr.io/<your-docker-image>
  tag: "1.0.0"

keel:
  # keel policy (all/major/minor/patch/force)
  policy: all
  # images to track and update
  images:
    - repository: image.repository
      tag: image.tag 
```

When a new image becomes availble, Keel will now upgrade release values. 

#### Misc Tips
Keel also provides approval methods via Slack. If default values are retained, approvals work seamlessly (*i.e.* Slack bot named Keel). However, when bot names are changed, you need to mention explicitly the Slack's bot name (@your-bot-name approve default/docker-image:1.0.1) or the bot will not trigger. Also, if the bot lives in private Slack channels, it currently seems to be bit buggy.
